Qa/adding contributing style guides (#3953)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: CONTRIBUTING.md

## When a PR is ready for publishing

### Style guides

> In general, the documentation team follows the Microsoft Style Guide. Anything that deviates from that style guide is [documented here](https://wiki.d2iq.com/display/ENG/Documentation+Style+Guide).

Reviewer: Should we also reference Vale here?

Reviewer 2: Also, I have issues with this link

> In general, the documentation team follows the Microsoft Style Guide. Anything that deviates from that style guide is [documented here](https://wiki.d2iq.com/display/ENG/Documentation+Style+Guide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, the documentation team uses Vale as our style guide. Anything that deviates from that style guide is decided by the docs team and implemented in Vale.
```

Author: Added your comment @cmastr - more accurate, surely.
